Kyle Camargo: Hello.
Serenna Beers: How are you
Serenna Beers: Good, good. My name is Serena and I'm your therapist at bright heart health. And today, I need to do a what's called a bio psychosocial assessment. Have you ever had one of those done
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. Hi, I'm I promise I'll do it as quick as I can, it'll be pretty painless. It's I just ask you some questions to kind of give me a background so that I know better how to help you.
Serenna Beers: Alright, so we'll start with the first one. Tell me what what brings you to bright heart health, and why why now.
Kyle Camargo: Because I'm trying to get sober. Sorry to drugs.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And do you deal with chronic pain at all.
Kyle Camargo: Oh,
Kyle Camargo: Physically
Kyle Camargo: My leg, but it's a work related issue, but it's not because I get high. That's not the reason why I get high.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, tell me a little history about your
Serenna Beers: Substances tell me, like when you were first are when you first use how it's progressed and at what point was it the worst.
Kyle Camargo: Mean, I've been using heroin like 16 off and on, and then
Kyle Camargo: Last couple years you know it's it's been
Kyle Camargo: I've been using a whole lot. I've been to methadone or at my clinic didn't work. And I've written a bright, house one time for this but
Kyle Camargo: I worked as a traveling carnival. And I thought I could do that myself. So I left to work, work. It's been this year and I noticed that could do with myself. So I actually called back again.
Kyle Camargo: To reach for help.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Now are you currently taking Suboxone or are you trying to wean off of the substances still
Kyle Camargo: Don't take the boxes.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And how long have you been on that for
Kyle Camargo: barely see week a couple days.
Serenna Beers: Okay. How does that work working out.
Kyle Camargo: How they're working, it's working out pretty good.
Serenna Beers: Good. What, what about. Had you had any prior history with mental health or substance abuse, like for the facilities that you've ever tried, whether it's inpatient, outpatient anything like like that.
Kyle Camargo: No, I haven't. No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about, do you have a history of suicidal ideation.
Serenna Beers: Like, have you ever been to harm yourself or anyone else.
Yeah.
Kyle Camargo: And
Serenna Beers: And I know that these questions seem kind of intrusive, but it's just part of it, and we need to ask as as a part of
Serenna Beers: As part of the
Serenna Beers: Requirements from
Serenna Beers: From the job, it's not always the fun things to ask so
Serenna Beers: I hope you think I'm trying to be intrusive.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me about growing up. Like, what was your family life. Like, were you adopted. Were you raised by both mom and dad. Do you have brothers and sisters or your parents still to gather
Kyle Camargo: Oh no, my mom passed away and my dad's
Kyle Camargo: Brother. He's a heroin addict to
Kyle Camargo: What else, boo.
Kyle Camargo: Lat rage me
Kyle Camargo: Know what else I got to Eric to right now. So it's kinda like it's very, it's very right now. So try
Kyle Camargo: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Oh, OK. So I'm sure that doesn't make you feel any better. I apologize for that.
Kyle Camargo: Was the question again.
Serenna Beers: If anybody else in your family's struggled with mental health or substance abuse or gambling or food issues, anything
Kyle Camargo: Oh, my brother. He's a heroin addict. Like I said, my mom was a attic to
Serenna Beers: Um, what about
Serenna Beers: Mom or Dad No, I mean, I know you said dad is long gone. And your mother passed but. But did she ever struggle with mental health.
Serenna Beers: Or just drugs. Okay.
Serenna Beers: That's okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about tell me what school was like, did you graduate. Did you have any
Serenna Beers: Learning disabilities at
All
Kyle Camargo: I did not graduate
Kyle Camargo: I believe, to got my GED in prison, a pretty sure I have it.
Kyle Camargo: I crawl before actually I
Kyle Camargo: Didn't get it.
Kyle Camargo: Like studying a lot for the for the writing. So I'm pretty sure I have my thing.
Serenna Beers: Okay, um,
Serenna Beers: What about, is there any events. That's just stood out while you were growing up, like, either within your neighborhood within your family, with friends, is it was there any part of your childhood that like comes comes up a lot.
Kyle Camargo: I'm not really
No.
Serenna Beers: Know childhood trauma. I mean, I would imagine that there's gotta be some with mom being an addict.
Kyle Camargo: No.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about you ever served in the military.
Kyle Camargo: Military no
Serenna Beers: Okay. And these are questions I got asked. And what about, do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about
Serenna Beers: No, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And are you in a in
Serenna Beers: A relationship now.
Serenna Beers: Hello. Do you have any kids.
Serenna Beers: No. And who are you living with now.
Kyle Camargo: Oh, my best friend.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And is there anything. And I'll just ask this final question, because I know you said that you don't feel real good. Um, is there anything specifically that you feel like you might benefit from it. Any, anything that you want to work on.
Kyle Camargo: Me just staying sober.
Serenna Beers: Okay, like maybe relapse prevention skills or I mean do you do you struggle with managing your emotions or
Kyle Camargo: Just
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so just what I hear you saying just so I'm clear, is re every skills, basically.
Kyle Camargo: For me,
Serenna Beers: Just re covering skills.
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, that'd be the first
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, according to
Serenna Beers: This, it looks like I'm supposed to me.
Serenna Beers: To meet with you at, at least at least twice twice a month that at first.
Serenna Beers: So if it's fine with with you, either. I can set your
Serenna Beers: appointment with you now. Or you can call back in Schedule one with me for about the middle of May.
Kyle Camargo: Or the I should call back and schedule because I'm actually looking for work and I'm looking for work still real
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
And
Kyle Camargo: I mean I wouldn't want to schedule put man.
Kyle Camargo: Sir daytime or the latest I can you know before work or after work, so
Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Good date.
Serenna Beers: Oh, OK. So I'm just going to mark down in my notes that you said that you will call back here and in the next week or two to set up a time to meet with me again.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, and in the mean. In the mean time, Mark, try to come up with some stuff that I could go over with you that relates to what it is that you want to learn about. Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, I hope you feel better with your ear and stay safe and stay well. Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Thank you.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Thank you. Bye.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so this gentleman was struggling, struggling with pain. He seemed really agitated.
Serenna Beers: So I, I gave him the option to call back, but I don't know if there's somewhere in the notes that you can put down
Serenna Beers: That if he doesn't call back by say may 10 we need to reach out to him because I need to see him at least twice a month, just because he's brand new on the Suboxone and I think it would be very beneficial for him to establish
Serenna Beers: Some individual therapy as well as group. So if we could make a note for if we don't hear from him by May 10 I need for the clinic to reach out to him to Schedule A appointment to see me. Thanks.